Did it hurt when I bit you?
You can keep the counterfeit products in the future
Let's make a pair of happy fairies
OK
But you have to promise to help me find my sister-in-law
Take good care of her
Otherwise I would rather die than obey
Your character
More like a cop I knew before
police
Ah, three years ago.
This little cop was just about to apply for sheriff
Received a serial murder case
This case is extremely strange
It looks like the case is about to be solved
The trail snapped.
As if by something special
The same as strength
Humph
That's pretty bad.
Then his boss told him to give up
But he insisted on finishing the case.
And he ended up putting himself in danger.
Poisoned to death?
How do you know so well?
Because I sterilized it.
If my boss hadn't assigned me this task
I actually really want to get to know each other
Check this cop
That police officer?
What's your name?
It seems to be called Song Feng